[SWOOSH]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Somebody when I was here
told me kind of the story,
the mythology a bit
around this place,
and that it traditionally
was known as the birthplace
of Quetzalcoatl.
>> Ah, Quetzalcoatl.
>> How the feathered serpent,
one of the highest deities
in traditional Central American,
Mexican religion, yeah?
He was born into a
cave in total darkness.
The moon drops the
water down, yeah?
And that slowly starts
to raise the water level
in the cave in which our
friend Quetzalcoatl has
been living his life.
And then at first
he's panicking.
Like, oh, no.
The water's raising too high and
I'm going to run out of room.
And then eventually,
the water gets so high
that he can reach the exit,
and he leaves the cave.
And he sees the light
for the first time
and the world and
all the people,
and he falls in love
with humanity, yeah?
And then something along
the lines of the sun
sees the love that
he has for humanity,
and for that reason
gives him wings
so that he can
fly above and view
his beloved people from above,
and be like a symbol to--
not just a symbol
but a facilitator
in helping all of the humans to
make that same journey that he
did from out of the
cave in the light.
>> This place is a magical place
that have a lot of alternative
people, alternative
food, alternative family.
These beautiful mountains,
these beautiful apus,
this kind of energy as fathers,
as protectors around it.
I feel super comfortable
with that energy.
Within the astral journey in the
astral way, I feel super good.
>> I walked the
path 15 years long,
working with this medicine
in different traditions,
going in different
levels of understanding.
And always searching.
Searching, searching for a
deeper understanding of myself
and understanding of the energy
work that we're doing together
as humans in this Mother Earth.
And that's the way that
ayahuasca opened her arms,
allowed us to share
this medicine.
[LAUGHS]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> I think ayahuasca is for
everybody because it's going
to change all the entire
perception of existence.
But we should also be respectful
enough, know a little bit more
about her spirit and
the gift that she
provides to the humanity.
Some people get it
like us, some of us.
Some other people
get a little bit more
confused because
of the not knowing
and how to restrict the
spirit before to sit
down and consecrate with her.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> We use ayahuasca
sky, ayahuasca cielo.
This medicine comes from
Peru, from the Pucallpa,
from the Shipibo-Konibo
tradition.
And the guy who is cooking
this medicine is a friend,
and he has an energy as a child.
He cooked this medicine
for so much love.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> This medicine is not a
medicine that he's selling
in the market or he's selling
for a kind of business,
sino que he's just cooked
medicine and directly send me.
When the medicine is coming,
this kind of energy's
an electricity, a magnetism.
Also, the energy of the
people who touch the medicine,
it's important for me
to clean everything.
It's not like with the DMT
and with the substance.
It's with the spirit
because the spirit is there.
This was his
guiding, guiding us.
This is the leading
ceremony and real.
So it's for me important
to make and create
these connections with the
medicine before do a ceremony.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> It's important also to sing
for the medicine, the icaros.
The medicine recognized my
icaros, recognized my voice,
recognized--
so when I make this
connection before,
when I service the
medicine, I can--
I feel more connection with
the spirit of the plant.
This medicine, the
chacruna that he
has is a lot of colors,
a lot of visions.
But these visions that usually
this medicine bring you
is working with light.
So this is-- our intention
is just work with the love,
with the light.
And this medicine is
really, really blessed.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I think ayahuasca is
a beautiful, wise spirit,
that it's knowing exactly what
everybody needs in the moment.
And I think that when
people are ready,
it's because also
ayahuasca is calling them.
And it's a very good
way of going deep
to explore ourselves
and heal from the deep,
from the depth of ourselves.
So I do believe it's for
everyone, but it definitely--
it's necessary that people
are prepared in their diet,
in their psychologist,
in their psychic.
It requires certain
specifications
of detoxing before doing it.
But definitely,
it's for everybody.
The first time was super,
super, super intense.
Like, I was--
I laid down and I could not--
I could not move
for the whole time.
Like, it was super,
super beautiful.
I felt like--
I knew straight away
when I drank the medicine
that I would be doing it
for the rest of my life.
I felt this connection
straightaway.
And it was like a
voice telling me that.
And I have done this before.
It was familiar, even
though it was super not.
And for me, the whole
experience with ayahuasca
and my journey with it is
like the medicine itself.
It's not just in the ceremony.
I feel like it makes me a
better person afterwards.
It makes me more
connected with myself
and more understanding
of myself,
better understanding
of other people,
a better connection with other
people, and a better connection
to where we are, to who we are,
to the land, to everything.
And this magic doesn't just
happen in the ceremony.
It happens
afterwards, and that's
why I keep doing it because
this connection, it grows.
It grows.
And it's infinite.
We are all infinite.
And for me, this
is the magic of it.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> You can put it up there
with some of those big events
of being a human in life.
Like, falling in love, getting
married, having a baby.
Those are things that
all humans I think
are meant to experience
in their life,
but maybe not at a
certain point, you know?
There's a time and there's
a place when you're
ready for that type of thing.
And at that point, absolutely.
But it doesn't
mean that everybody
is ready at this
moment in their life
for that type of experience.
Just like we have to
prepare ourselves for love,
prepare ourselves for
creating a family,
you have to be in the
right place in your mind
and in your spirit and in your
life in order to approach this
and with the spirits.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
When you go to
ayahuasca, you get face
to face with yourself,
through yourself.
Not what you think
about, not what
you're supposed to think about.
No.
You're face to face for real.
Like, in most cases,
the most problem
is people don't want to work
on yourself because what
ayahuasca show you it's a place
in your mind when you can be.
And then you realize that that's
then where you are, oh my god.
You know, it's a lot of work.
A lot of work.
And don't be afraid of this
work, because it's work,
it's like--
it's the most
beautiful process ever.
It's a process of transformation
from struggle into happiness.
And you'll increase your
vibration from low into high.
Super nice.
So don't be afraid.
Trust.
And if you're already
in medicine way,
just remember, medicine is art.
>> Many people think that
with too much people it can be
dispersed or too much energy.
But when we are
inside the medicine,
we become one, no matter
how many people we are.
And we work together
as one being,
and we navigate together.
So it gets really powerful
when many, many souls are
praying for the same intention.
So it builds a very powerful
energy of light and love.
And when we have many,
many hearts open together,
it's a very beautiful way
of rising the frequency
in the name of all humans.
[LAUGHS]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> I want to tell you a little
story that I really love,
that when we were invited
to play and experience this
beautiful dimension and had
the experience of being human
and feel, it was very hard
to make the soul and the body
create the fusion.
And it was no way to put
something so unlimited in the--
(HIGH-PITCHED VOICE) tu-- small
residence that is the body.
So it was through our
brothers and sisters
from the start, what we call
engines that start reproducing
frequencies that we call music.
So that is why some
frequencies or some music
give us that space of--
come back to the memory of being
an unlimited energy in having
the experience in
the physical body.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> We are not here
to sing beautiful.
We are here to pray
with a lot of devotion,
with the intention that
our frequencies can--
[HISS]-- align, heal, you know?
Make you purge all the toxicity.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> In the beginning in the
ceremony, we make icaros.
It's in the moment, a
super dedicated moment
in the spirit of the
ayahuasca is coming.
And this is important for
us to receive that spirit
with so much respect.
When the people is ready
and everybody are there,
we start with the healing,
with the sound healing,
with different instruments
from different countries
because this vibration
that the instruments
have can help to heal the body.
We don't use a lot of
icaros in that part
because it's just the sound.
It's not important what I say.
It is important what you feel.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> And in the third part,
we started with the medicine
songs.
That part is like a
kind of celebration.
Also, the manifestation
of love when
we are a lot of people,
the ceremony is amazing.
It's when everybody
are singing, when
everybody are in
connection with everybody
in the same heartbeat.
Oh my god.
We can really, really
transform energy.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
[CHEERING]
>> Music is like the
language of the universe.
It's a way we can truly
connect with the deepest
spirit and the source.
So every sound, not just music,
like noise, sound, vibration
will make the people connect
to certain frequencies.
[DRUMMING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> I drunk with other people
where you are able to do
whatever you want, and
it's like you drink.
You can go anywhere.
You can talk to anyone.
Like, there's
someone playing music
but it's not-- it's
not super structured.
And what I love about the way
that Pamela and Ivan do it is
they really take
you on this journey.
From the minute that you
drink until the minute
that we close the
ceremony, it's all
choreographed to help
you through the process.
Like, they bring you up to
be able to feel that bliss
that you have inside of you.
And they bring you into those
spaces where you need to work,
where it needs to be difficult.
And this for me is amazing.
>> I think when there's
some form of an organization
but with that freedom for people
to feel safe and feel liberated
with all the support we
have, I think that creates
for a different process, because
let's say you go to a ceremony
where the taita
serves the medicine.
And they might have one
or two ceremony musicians,
but then they kind of
open a free-for-all.
People can talk,
different style.
Whatever process
you're supposed to get,
this is all divinely ordained.
You're going to get that anyway.
But in our process specifically,
it makes sure you--
[SMACK]-- you get the punch.
Not to mention, it's
the pure medicine
from Peru, the
vibrations it holds.
And I think all
the instrumentation
helps to activate you
on a cellular level.
Also, it's like
it dials into you.
So that's why you come the first
time, you can hear one tone,
and it reminds you
of your soul's past.
And you're like, why do I feel
that grand love, you know?
And it breaks through it.
So for me, yeah,
after sitting with all
of the rearranged ones,
without even bias,
yeah, ours is super,
super, super special.
>> If you want to be healed,
you should open your heart.
Without opening your heart,
you cannot be healed.
Yes, you can try to
understand everything.
You can use quantum physics,
esoterics, psychology.
Yes.
It's super good, super nice.
But if you want a
real-- get real healing,
you should open your heart.
Only when your heart is
open you can receive--
receive this medicine.
And this medicine will change
everything in your life.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> This ceremony was special.
I didn't have too much of a
personal process, this ceremony
necessarily, but I got
a lot of information,
especially since up here.
As soon as we got here,
my active dreaming state
started kicking in to where
the veil between the dimensions
already started fading.
So I was already super open.
But in my personal
life, the ceremony
allowed me to trust
a lot more in what's
coming, because sometimes
you're on this path for a while
that you want to go back
to the drawing board
and just make sure that there's
a balance between service
and the balance between
checking in with yourself again
to make sure you're on the path
you want to be on, because you
do have a choice still.
So aside from crystallizing,
it was such a healing ceremony.
A lot of tears, a lot
of cleaning, you know?
But for me, I was just
sitting calm the whole time.
>> People sometimes come
and they want to see visions
and they want that the medicine
transform and heal immediately.
So this is a lot of expectation,
and expectations can almost
be a frustration.
I think that the
best recommendation
to come in the ceremony
is come in the moment
that you really, really need it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Someone told me a wonderful
parable about a horse.
A man's riding a
horse in the dark,
and they're traveling far hills.
And he can't see anything
because it's dark,
but the horse is trudging.
And he looks at the
horse and he's like, man,
how do you know the way?
How do you know
where we're going?
And the horse was like, I
don't look at the whole road.
I just follow my next step.
Follow that next small
step, and you'll never--
it's important to take pauses.
You'll never regret
trusting your gut
and following that
right next step.
When you make mistakes, don't
beat yourself up about them.
Give yourself the same grace
you would give a newborn baby.
This time, just try different.
But take pauses because
instinctually, the lower nature
dense vibration of
just the human body
frequency or your
current programming
will want to go to what
it's used to doing sort of.
So you thrive when you switch
the program a little bit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[YELL]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
[CHEERING]
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yee-hoo!